= icontact-api

== DESCRIPTION:

This gem provides a thin wrapper around the iContact 2.0 API.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* automatically signs each request
* handles packing and unpacking into json
* query params can be passed as an options hash

== SYNOPSIS:

Normally you will want to subclass the Icontact::Api class and define your API_KEY and API_SECRET, and optionally you may wish to hard-code a username and password for the API.

@api = MyApi.new(username, password)
@api.get('/a/000000/c/000000/messages', :limit=>10, :offset=>0)

Please see the icontact developer documentation for a full listing of the supported resources and url structure.

This gem is not officially supported by iContact.  Please contact the author with bug reports, feature requests, or questions about this gem.


== REQUIREMENTS:

* requires JSON gem

== INSTALL:

* sudo gem install icontact-api

== USAGE

for convenience create a class like this that keeps track of your API_KEY, API_SECRET, and optionally an api username and password:

require 'icontact-api'
class BetaApi < Icontact::Api
  API_USERNAME='username'
  API_PASSWORD='password'
  API_KEY = 'YOUR_API_KEY'
  API_SECRET = 'YOUR_API_SECRET'
  DOMAIN = "http://app.beta.icontact.com/icp"

  def initialize(username = BetaApi::API_USERNAME, password = BetaApi::API_PASSWORD)
    super(username, password)
    self.key = API_KEY
    self.secret = API_SECRET
    self.domain = DOMAIN
  end
end

Then you can use it like:

@api = BetaApi.new
@api.get('/a')
@api.post('/a/00000/c/0000/messages', data)

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Kevin Olbrich

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.